Document node configuration warnings in Running code in the editor (#4059)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/misc/running_code_in_the_editor.rst

        }
    }

.. note::

    Code from other nodes doesn't run in the editor. Your access to other nodes
    is limited. You can access the tree and nodes, and their default properties,
    but you can't access user variables. If you want to do so, other nodes have
    to run in the editor too. AutoLoad nodes cannot be accessed in the editor at
    all.

Reporting node configuration warnings
-------------------------------------

> Godot uses a *node configuration warning* system to warn users about incorrectly
> configured nodes. It's materialized by a yellow triangle with an exclamation
> mark next to the node name in the Scene tree dock. When the user hovers or
> clicks the triangle, they can see a warning message. You can use this feature in
> your scripts to help yourself (and your team) avoid mistakes when setting up
> scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godot uses a *node configuration warning* system to warn users about incorrectly
configured nodes. When a node isn't configured correctly, a yellow warning sign
appears next to the node's name in the Scene dock. When you hover or click on
the icon, a warning message pops up. You can use this feature in your scripts to
help you and your team avoid mistakes when setting up scenes.
```

> When using node configuration warnings, make sure to call
> :ref:`class_Node_method_update_configuration_warning` when the value of any
> "dependencies" changes so the warning is updated. Otherwise, the user will have
> to close and reopen the scene for the warning to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using node configuration warnings, when any value that should affect or
remove the warning changes, you need to call
:ref:`class_Node_method_update_configuration_warning`. By default, the warning
only updates when closing and reopening the scene.
```
